Last updated : 15 DEC 2024

Github project link - https://github.com/hassan-theitguy/family-history

My email - hassanthetechie@gmail.com

Hi. My name is Hassan Voyeau. Son of Ann Marie Khan and Marcel Voyeau. Brother of Sabrina Khan and Christopher Voyeau (step brother). This is my attempt to chronicle some history and family tree on both my paternal and maternal sides. If you come across this then feel free to tell me how we are related and what you have to add. I will revise and update github as I get more to add. Most of this is coming from my mother so far. Mistakes are bound to happen but we try to be as accurate as possible and make revisions when needed tracked through github.

Sonnan - naan brother was trying to do something similar by getting the history of the family

Noor Hassan (Hassan Khan) - my great great grand father - He was a foundational member of ASJA (member first executive). He was a scholar in urdu and knew several languages. He wrote books. He had a [son] who became homeless (possibly named Usman and on the streets of Mucurapo) after losing all his posessions to his wife. (Umraw/Jagru/son or brother/any brothers?) Khan living in Barataria was one of his sons. Yacoob Khan was another son (Imam Dow Village/Oropuche masjid). Yacoob daughter is named Polly and is living in Barrackpore. Another daughter of Yacoob is named Darling. Another daughter of Yacoob (whose mother was Chinese) is living in Maraval and was recently in the hospital. These would be my maternal grandmothers cousins. Another daughter (Olive) died and she had a special child who also died. My mom went home there once in (possible) Oropuche. Assiran (Assirwa) was Noor Hassan daughter. Three sets of chidren with three wives (possible sisters).

A son living in Moruga with a duaghter who was a nurse.

Who is Gynab (Zynab)?

Who is Safiran? (Jahanghir outside wife. She had a brother named Gulaziz)

Edoo wife might be Naan sister daughter.

Rafina Hosein is possibly Assirwa great grand daughter. Assirwa daughter is Jasiman. Jasiman son in Rafina father. Assiran husband name is Babu Hosein. Rafina father is Rafeek who was the traffic controller in PTSC. Rafeek brother is Jaleel.

Jahanghir Khan (Noor Hassan son) - my great grand father (Fyza father). Mother died in childbirth.

Zainool Khan - my grand father - his father was Pattadeen Khan. Brothers were uncle Pood (Fakrudeen Khan - late imam of St Joseph TML). Son Amzad Khan is now imam. Muhaideen Khan was living in England. He was married to Dr Rafeek Khan sister.

Fyza Khan - my grand mother - SM Jaleel wanted his son to marry Fyza but her father said they were too aristocrat.

Fyzool Khan (Bato)

Naan (Jahanghir wife)

Genka (the grandchildren couldnt say granpa so they said genka for Jahanghir), Joyce (an Afro-Trinidadian lady who had a child for Jahanghir), Jugru (brother of Jahanghir), Agi (Channa lady in front Metro Cinema. Shortish curly hair lady. Right name was Hardaya. Visited my mom and my moms siblings in Caroni. She was one of Noor Hassan caretakers. She was fond of my grandmother). One son played the harmonium.

Picture in airport of Noor Hassan as son of indentured labourer.